Story time. Okay folks.
So I just want to do this to illustrate some of the real life implications and
kind of disastrous complications if you don't either a,
have monitoring configured; or b,
pay sufficient attention to your monitoring system.
So this is a real-life story at a startup that I'm
not at the privilege to disclose the name of,
but this has happened to multiple startups,
this is not specific to any one technology,
and this can happen to you as well with the same or different software.
So in this particular problem scenario,
I was on call and at this particular time,
I started getting messages about the database,
and these messages accumulated,
and at first I wanted to ignore it.
Of course you want to do whatever it is that you do
on the weekends rather than pay attention to your monitoring system,
but as they started to accumulate,
it definitely appeared that there's something very seriously wrong.
The contents of the message were that the database was running out of transaction IDs.
This is something that is specific to a Postgre-style database,
and you are limited to I believe it's like,
I want to say 4 billion of transaction IDs, maybe it's million.
Anyways, this is a finite number and in theory you have,
through your regular processes,
you are recycling those transaction IDs,
but the problem was that the regular process to do
this was not able to complete in time before the system would run out of transaction IDs.
So the end result of
this particularly [inaudible] course of events was that it brought about
the entire website for
a relatively large and popular company's entire business
to not be operational for about two and half days to resolve this particular issue.
The take homes are a,
to how your monitoring system set up so you're monitoring the appropriate things
because it's very easy to overlook something like database transaction IDs.
B, that you're paying attention here monitoring system.
C, working as a team.
I mean, for the actual resolution of this particular problem
involved many different group members within my company,
and we all collaborated and got together,
and ended up taking a huge amount of overtime by many people.
So don't let this get too far out of hand.
Just a warning to you.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6